---
layout:     post
title:      A Method to Find Real Effects in Econometrics
subtitle:   An Essay Writing Exercise
date:       2020-04-15
author:     Tony Feng
header-img: img/economy.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 论文
    - 学习
    - CS
---

# Abstract
Causality has gained substantial attention from both academics and the industry. However, it is not easy to reveal the real effect of an explanatory variable. The estimated effect is usually impacted by other explanatory variables. In this paper, we investigate the problem of extra explanatory variables and find that the problem can seriously affect the accuracy of the linear model. We further propose a method called matching (Flinn, 2006) to eliminate the impact of extra explanatory variables. Experimental results on the American wage data set suggest that the matching method can be used in reality.

# A Method to Find Real Effects in Econometrics
[**Download PDF**](https://fengtony686.github.io/essay/matching.pdf)(Please wait for a few seconds)\\
[**BibTex**](https://fengtony686.github.io/essay/matching.txt)

# References
Marianne Bertrand, Esther Duflo, and Sendhil Mullainathan. How much should we trust differences-in-differences estimates? The Quarterly journal of economics, 119(1):249–275, 2004.

Ronald Christensen. Plane answers to complex questions, volume 3. Springer, 2002.

Russell Davidson, James G MacKinnon, et al. Econometric theory and methods, volume 5. Oxford University Press New York, 2004.

Christopher J Flinn. Minimum wage effects on labor market outcomes under search, matching, and endogenous contact rates. Econometrica, 74(4):1013–1062, 2006. William H Greene. Econometric analysis. Pearson Education India, 2003.

Adrian Pagan. Two stage and related estimators and their applications. The Review of Economic Studies, 53(4):517–538, 1986.

Judea Pearl. Causality. Cambridge university press, 2009.

Spencer Graves Yves Croissant. Ecdat: Data sets for econometrics, 2020. URL https: //CRAN.R-project.org/package=Ecdat.

